*NOTE:* This file is a template that you can use to create the README for your project. The *TODO* comments below will highlight the information you should be sure to include.

# Your Project Title Here

*TODO:* Write a short introduction to your project.

## Project Set Up and Installation
*OPTIONAL:* If your project has any special installation steps, this is where you should put it. To turn this project into a professional portfolio project, you are encouraged to explain how to set up this project in AzureML.

## Dataset

### Overview

This data set was taken from the [Microsoft Malware Prediction](https://www.kaggle.com/c/microsoft-malware-prediction) competition run in 2019. "Microsoft is challenging the data science community to develop techniques to predict if a machine will soon be hit with malware. As with their previous, Malware Challenge (2015), Microsoft is providing Kagglers with an unprecedented malware dataset to encourage open-source progress on effective techniques for predicting malware occurrences."  

The raw training data set for the competition is very large: 8,921,483 observations (rows), and 83 features (variables), taking up 4.1 GB of space! 

In order to allow us to complete the tasks for this assignment in a reasonable amount of time, we took a very small subset of the entire train.csv data set -- just 10,000 rows (or about 0.1% of the entire training set). We skimmed off the top 10,000 rows from the data set for use in this project, and put it on our GitHub at https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tybyers/AZMLND_projects/capstone/capstone/data/train_1_10k.csv.

### Task

The goal for this project is to predict whether a Windows machine is infected by various families of malware, based on different properties of that machine. Each row in this dataset corresponds to a machine, and has observations from telemetry data generated by WindowsDefender. The `HasDetections` column indicates that Malware was detected on the machine. 

For our 10,000 row data set, 4,950 machines have no malware detections, and 5,050 machines have malware detections. This is a nice, balanced data set, and basically the "baseline" accuracy for malware detection is 50.5% (that is, if our Machine Learner gets better than 50.5% accuracy, then it's better accuracy than if we called everything "infected").

### Access

I have uploaded the modified/truncated data to this GitHub repo and am accessing it in the following manner, using the Azure Python SDK:

```python
# Load Data set
data_path = 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tybyers/AZMLND_projects/capstone/capstone/data/train_1_10k.csv'
dataset = tdf.from_delimited_files(path=data_path)
dataset.to_pandas_dataframe().head()
```


## Automated ML
*TODO*: Give an overview of the `automl` settings and configuration you used for this experiment

### Results
*TODO*: What are the results you got with your automated ML model? What were the parameters of the model? How could you have improved it?

*TODO* Remeber to provide screenshots of the `RunDetails` widget as well as a screenshot of the best model trained with it's parameters.

## Hyperparameter Tuning
*TODO*: What kind of model did you choose for this experiment and why? Give an overview of the types of parameters and their ranges used for the hyperparameter search


### Results
*TODO*: What are the results you got with your model? What were the parameters of the model? How could you have improved it?

*TODO* Remeber to provide screenshots of the `RunDetails` widget as well as a screenshot of the best model trained with it's parameters.

## Model Deployment
*TODO*: Give an overview of the deployed model and instructions on how to query the endpoint with a sample input.

## Screen Recording
*TODO* Provide a link to a screen recording of the project in action. Remember that the screencast should demonstrate:
- A working model
- Demo of the deployed  model
- Demo of a sample request sent to the endpoint and its response

## Standout Suggestions
*TODO (Optional):* This is where you can provide information about any standout suggestions that you have attempted.
